Depends on: [[2. GitHub & Git]]
Resources: [OneDrive](https://onedrive.live.com/?cid=5a9a629557a7747a&id=5A9A629557A7747A%21s38872e09500f4040a3d8379181fa9c99&resid=5A9A629557A7747A%21s38872e09500f4040a3d8379181fa9c99&ithint=folder&e=zUbn6i&migratedtospo=true&redeem=aHR0cHM6Ly8xZHJ2Lm1zL2YvYy81YTlhNjI5NTU3YTc3NDdhL0Vna3VoemdQVUVCQW85ZzNrWUg2bkprQkNNcENsa25jcTVnVG9DNWdQcVNleUE%5FZT16VWJuNmk&v=validatepermission)

During CodeSinaia-2025 we will learn elements of data science. This means doing exercises that involve large amounts of data. In the interest of time we will download this data (~7.5Gb),  on our computers.

- [ ]  In a browser navigate to the [OneDrive](https://onedrive.live.com/?id=5A9A629557A7747A%21s38872e09500f4040a3d8379181fa9c99&cid=5A9A629557A7747A&sb=name&sd=1&view=0) folder containing the data and download the _data\_science_ folder you'll find there.
- [ ] When prompted to choose how to get the download, choose _Save_.  The download will be in the form of a large _data\_science.zip_ file. 

The download will take several minutes (5-10min), depending on your hardware and network connection. While this happens we will move on installing the other software components needed, and we'll return to this page for finishing the installation of the downloaded data.

---
- [ ] Now that we have the _data\_science.zip_ file downloaded (you will find it in your _Downloads_ folder), open in a window.
- [ ] In a different window (*File Explorer* on Windows systems), navigate to the location of your local **CodeSinaia-2025** repository that was cloned previously (see [[2. GitHub & Git]]) in _C:\Users\Florin\git\CodeSinaia-2025\\_Data_. In there, you will find a _\_Data_ folder containing a single README.md file.
- [ ] Copy all the 11 files from the _data\_science.zip_ archive into the _\_Data_ folder from your repository.

The copy operation will also take a couple minutes, much faster though than the data download, since all happens on your machine. When copying is done, you can delete the _data\_science.zip_ file from your **Downloads** folder.
